alright we got not quite fifty ministers
I give gotta give me a chance to get
yourself ready for next meeting start
this one has one more time if anybody
else wants to take a seat here let me
know so I can unlock that see I do want
to get the chance I don't you pronounce
your name Anna Anna so correct me if I'm
wrong
ok I do want to give you a chance to
talk about yourself some as well as an
interview in the end here but this is
this is to inspire people and they had
given you a lot of compliments here so
you can feel free to kind of throw in a
bit about your experience in in your
thoughts on things as well you feel like
you're stealing stealing the show here
so what do you have to say to people
about it it doesn't have to be about you
to me are alleged to me at all you got
your own thing that you're doing so
to build to build your success with you
so much
well that's one thing and I've been
trying to not about any to see this man
here's what I love about you is number
one transparency and that's why you are
where you are new business because your
followers more customers know exactly
what to expect and how things were and
they know that you've got their back I
know you like my back and that's
wonderful you know I absolutely and some
people are not like you're in love it is
as you said we all have to give her
people I'd much rather tell me how it is
and help me build my business versus
tell me what I would like to hear but
then it doesn't benefit anyone is such a
huge compliment TV personality and I
think that's a lot of the foundation of
and also another personally don't have
it
need it desperately need money for my
own
but you know I absolutely admire about
you the fact that you are not afraid to
ask
of many businesses that a lot of people
would have freaked out there and that
would somehow their readers buy
something from them without ever asked
you have to ask there's no question
about it but this is sort of a what
comes with the right but you also have
to ask as your building but trust you
know but that's again is run your
business and that's why you are
successful and that works for you again
will it work for every business not but
like somebody had a question about those
monthly income reports are to be fired
and more hour fyi
you know this is what's possible don't
go on but in your business or
personality right and in the United
think everything you said there is no
truth not just me but within Donna
because what you think is good for
everybody now you know in about
yesterday where to one of our courses
also got an email the flip side of that
I got an email that somebody said I
really appreciate the fact that she even
spoke up about it is that she thought I
was berating the very people always
trying to sell things to so it would
push people away in almost pushed her
away in the only reason that she still
thinking about being in it is because
she's known me so long and she's
somebody that she really values values
me or she would have been gone because
it didn't resonate with her all with
this light on the line
do not be dr. Phil white people out on
the slab and embarrass them I'm not
trying to do that I'm trying to be real
but she took that is berating whereas
other you know where people that know
they took it is inspiring so there's the
difference right there and help people
take what I do and whether they're going
to offer me there are going to be people
who were never going to buy anything for
me because I just turn them off I had
somebody on YouTube wow what an ugly boy
she had you know what an ugly exit they
come with a good thing the information
so great what about to go get a voice
coach to make them think so and so
you're just not going to resonate with
everybody and I just whatever you know
my skin is too thick to worry about it
but when somebody takes the time to
write me an email to say I felt
belittled a little bit I'm struggling
here and I felt belittled and it's not
necessarily intimidating I just don't
bob with that include you consider it
I'm gonna listen to somebody takes that
kind of time to contact me and I'm gonna
fade Imam being taken no carrot
alienating a whole segment of people
that I would like to work will need to
have a look and I'll beside sometimes
you're so close to yourself you can't
say so appreciate hearing what you see
from the outside it what resonates with
you and that matters to me to hear that
be back